doc/articles/numbers/formatting.md, before:

﻿# Formatting a number

An [INumberFormatter](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.INumberFormatter) is used to 
[Format](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.INumberFormatter.Format*) a number (long, decimal or double) in a 
[locale](../locale.md) specific manner. [NumberFormatter.Create](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberFormatter.Create*) 
is used to create a formatter for a specific locale and a set of 
[options](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberOptions).

```csharp
var locale = Locale.Create("fr");
var formatter = NumberFormatter.Create(locale);

Assert.AreEqual("123", formatter.Format(123));
Assert.AreEqual("1234", formatter.Format(1234));
Assert.AreEqual("1234,568", formatter.Format(1234.56789));
```

## Options

[NumberOptions](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberOptions) is used to 
determine the [style](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberStyle) for formatting numeric quantities
and if digit grouping seperators should be used.

| Style | Format (en-GB) |
| ----- | ----------- |
| Decimal | -12,345 |
| CurrencyAccounting | (£12,345.00) |
| CurrencyStandard | -£12,345.00 |
| Percent | -1,234,500% |
| Scientific | -1.2345E4 |

Commit message:

feat: short and long number formatting, fixes #5

doc/articles/numbers/formatting.md, after:

﻿# Formatting a number

An [INumberFormatter](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.INumberFormatter) is used to 
[Format](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.INumberFormatter.Format*) a number (long, decimal or double) in a 
[locale](../locale.md) specific manner. [NumberFormatter.Create](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberFormatter.Create*) 
is used to create a formatter for a specific locale and a set of 
[options](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberOptions).

```csharp
var locale = Locale.Create("fr");
var formatter = NumberFormatter.Create(locale);

Assert.AreEqual("123", formatter.Format(123));
Assert.AreEqual("1234", formatter.Format(1234));
Assert.AreEqual("1234,568", formatter.Format(1234.56789));
```

## Options

The [NumberOptions](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberOptions) determines how 
the number is formatted.

### Style

[Style](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberStyle) determines the use of the 
formatted number. 

for formatting numeric quantities
and if digit grouping seperators should be used.

| Style | Format (en-GB) |
| ----- | ----------- |
| Decimal | -12,345 |
| CurrencyAccounting | (£12,345.00) |
| CurrencyStandard | -£12,345.00 |
| Percent | -1,234,500% |
| Scientific | -1.2345E4 |

### Length

[Length](xref:Sepia.Globalization.Numbers.NumberLength) determines the overall size 
of the formatted number.  For `Short` the 'K', 'M', 'B' ... suffixes are used for 
powers of 10.

| Length | Style | Format (en-GB) |
| ------ | ----- | -------------- |
| Default | Decimal | 1234.56 |
| Default | CurrencyStandard | €1234.56 |
| Short | Decimal | 1K |
| Short | CurrencyStandard | €1K |
| Long | Decimal | 1 thousand |
| Long | CurrencyStandard | €1234.56 |
